     Another issue that has to be addressed is players being able to alter and effect the mud.  If players feel or know that they have no choice or input into the way that the mud runs, then they will leave.  Therefore, ideas that work towards assuaging this:

Player building creation:  Give players the means [whether just by notes or by actually making a player olc] to build their own rooms.  There's really little room for abuse in room creation, and if the process is monitored enough, object/mob creation can be incorporated as well.  Of course, you need to have some way to weed out the people who will just try to waste your time, and it has to be something that depends upon how much effort a player has taken, essentially.  
ICly, it makes sense for there to be no obstacle to someone who has money or power creating buildings, land, etc.  However, if everyone who gets enough money icly want's to have a building built, who get's to create will depend upon the horrible system of a character's ability to get money.  Now the fact that the character has to go to the work of setting down the descriptions and the structuring for the room is a -slight- deterrent to those who are too lazy or can't write worthwhile sentences.
So, what is needed is another check to hold off the hounds, so to speak.  Perhaps having the players establish a concrete ic system for how this area is going to be built, whether gathering a number of powerful magical objects that could be sacrificed to fuel their magic so that they could create it on their own, or gathering compatriots, NPCs by Notes to the immortals detailing how the NPCs were swayed to the character's cause and PCs simply by their consent.
       Then, once the plan, resources, and workers have all been accounted for by the player is the area built, and, of course, the work that the player put into it makes it that much more valuable to him/her.  Buildings should not be limited to personal things alone, of course.  If a player wishes to create something that is not directly linked to their character, then all the better, as long as they are willing to design it and set up the ic atmosphere and rationale behind it.

This same system can apply for any ic thing.  For example, let's say that Player Bob wants to immortalize his argument with NPC Xes where he threw a chair at him that gave him a gaping wound in the head that would not heal right.  By a note to the immortals and their agreement with a rough draft of the story, he then writes up the story of Xes' wound.  Perhaps the immortals rule that he too was wounded during the fight, so if he wants to go through with the story he must also change his own description to match that fact.

To allow players to get full use out of this, a sytematic policy should be set up where it is available to be read by the players, perhaps in a referenced helpfiles, so that they know the effort they will be required to put into changing things, but also that -they can indeed change things-.

Player input spools:

It's always essential to have some way that players can voice their problems and ideas for the mud, whether through ideas and bugs [and if you really feel up to it, typos] or through an outside system.  Usually there's no reason to give players incentive to do this other than fixing the bugs or at least acknowledging the ideas, as they are all to willing to take a part.  [If you actually have players, that is.]  
The reason that I brought up the idea of an outside system is that I am considering the possibility of having a website with a system of postings [once again referenced within the mud] set up that would be reviewed and voted on by other members of the posting board, so that ideas are posted, voted upon whether they should be implemented, and if they get a high enough scoring before they are cycled out of existence, they go into a buffer of things for the admin to consider.

Players, Builders, and Coders:  Players are the damn life-blood of the mud, Builders are the veins and Coders are it's network of nerve cells, to kill a mud, treat any of those groups as if they aren't worth anything.  It's the quickest way that I know to murder it.  This is not to say that there aren't builders and coders who will work for someone who treats them like piss, but who can enjoy a mud where the people who create it don't?  
     Always remember this fact and create your mud around it: A mud is not supposed to be an elite club of people who believe their own superiority just because a few symbols tell them so.  The person who is playing that character on the other end, be it coder, builder or player, is your equal in real life.  No matter what level/class/etc. on the mud, the two of you are -equal-, so act like it.  In the same way, your builders are not below your rank.  
If possible, take the concept of level and rip it to shreds.  Stomp it into the ground.  Boil the bits and then feed them to the crows.  If you can't/won't get rid of levels themselves, make damn sure that there is no way that a player can know another players "level" unless that player tells them himself.  If you depend upon it with mobs, then fine, allow levels to exist with relation to mobs and players, but not player to player.  
     Be an example of this policy.  Builders are not below your rank, none of your team is below your rank.  Eliminate ranking among immortals, and assign skills and titles according to what they do or what you want them to do, not where they are on a ladder that leads to nofuckingwhere.   
     Make sure that the players don't know of any ranking system among the immortals other than what they do.  If you have a who-list, have all your immortals choose their own prefix or what-have-you, and keep them to nouns, e.g. Darkness, Light, Reaver, Storm, Reaver, Sex, Succubi, Magic, Technology, Spirit, Chaos.  You want it so that when a newbie logs on and looks at the who list they're just as likely to ask the newest member of your team "are you the imp?" and just as likely to get the response back "No, but tell me what you want anyway and I'll probably be able to manage it."  None of that "Supreme Entity" shit, no "Gods" and "Demi-gods".  A who list is not an ic medium, so keep ic deityhood out of it.  If you can't manage individual titles, keep it to job descriptions, builder, coder, website, whatever.  If ic a character is a god, that's fine, but ooc it's just pathetic.
     Make your wizlist like a list, not a ladder.  Put groups side-by-side as opposed to underneath and above.  If you must keep the up and down, reverse it so that the newest additions to your team are on the top and you, as the imp, are on the bottom, the foundation if you will.
     In the end, after you've done these things and ran with them for a time you'll have a team willing to work
who provide a united front for your players and who make judgements fairly and in a group.  You'll have less "Bob did this to me, are you going to allow that to happen?" and will be able to deal with real issues, as the players will know from experience that if it was done, the fact that it was done has already been communicated to everyone else, and there was no significant disagreement.


P.S. I've decided that this will be my forum for examining all facets of mud creation, where I can write down ideas when I get them and will know where they are when I return, so expect me to talk to myself for a while here.  Of course, that's not to say that I won't talk to the rest of you as well, but no matter.

Note:  All my ideas are expressed as ideals which then would have to be wrangled to work around the fact that they have to actually be coded.