Just as an opening, this is going to be my conceptual testing grounds for systems, testing whether, in the end, I can improve them, change them, or not.  Coding comes later.  Therefore, I'll reply with the purpose of proving to myself first and foremost, that the system is sound, or if necessary, changing completely my stance on an idea, as the situation calls for.  Therefore, take nothing in them personally.
     Combat vs. Roleplaying
True, Roleplaying is an ooc manifestation of the player and all characters would hypothetically roleplay themselves equally well, that is to say, perfectly, since they would -be- themselves.  However, just as in theatre, the player who lies the best is the best.  Roleplaying experience [hereafter Rxp] -is- an ooc reward for an ooc thing.  The player acts well according to the estimation of other players, so oocly he/she gets points to change that tool, the character, further.  The character is not getting advantages from being himself, it is instead just fate/destiny/the story that he gets the new attributes.
     [*Begin Side note*  Skills/spells, once learned, can only be practiced by use, not by pathetic facimiles of use.  The practice system is far too open to spamming abuse.  Of course, the frequency of use that determines whether certain skills get better would be another of those groups of things that need to be easily alterable.  Perhaps if there was a group modifier for the skills it would make sense.
        I envision a system as follows:  being taught a skill gives the character a value of 1 in that skill, which thereafter must be raised by use.  To get the skill from 9% to 10% might take a total of 10x uses and 99% to 100% would take 100x uses.  The x value [decimals or integers apply just as well] could be altered according to skill grouping, e.g. bladed weapons, riding, etc.  Therefore, perfection would be essentially unatainable, as it should be.
  For example, if skills from the bladed weapons group are being mastered too quickly by characters, who therefore gain the benefit of that higher skill unduly, the x variable could be changed to a higher value, meaning more uses would be necessary.  *End Side Note*]
     As for roleplaying experience, let's say that player dnaexmosn gets some Rxp and uses them to have char naex learn a non-combat spell from a teacher.  naex would then have learned that ability icly.  True, it would have been dependent upon the existence of that those ooc Rxp, but thus is the quandary of mudding, it's impossible to have everything ic, you're typing at a text terminal and you don't feel like dying if your character does, how much more ooc can you get?  Only a fraction of mudding is ic, and it will always depend upon ooc, but the more ic, the better.
     It was a preliminary stipulation that this was a roleplaying mud, therefore enjoyment of roleplaying is the goal.  With that in mind, rewards for roleplaying well, judged by the players and limited by the imms, would seem to be the perfect option.  Not only that, but it is far too often that roleplaying is "encouraged" or "enforced" yet there really is only negative feedback for bad roleplaying, no positive feedback for good roleplaying.  Certainly one must always be sure that the players understand the distinction between "good roleplaying" and "he helped my character", a division that must be laid out firmly and clearly.  To aid this, new -players-, not characters but players, would be unable to refer other players for Rxp, on the premise that they are not necessarily valid judges.  After a time, they would lose their newbie status [linked with many other things as well] and would join the process.
        Remind me to fully address my system of semi-permanent death, though here's an intro:  Players have a que of "deaths" to rack up where they are resurrected by NPC means, though in an ic manner.  Once that que is done, they depend upon other player characters to bring them back.  PCs can also be brought back in the meantime by other PCs, which would not count against their que.  This means that characters die and end their stories, they are not immortal, they depend upon their religion or their resurrection skills [which some have], their enemies ic are well and truly their enemies, while their allys had better be very true allies.  There are many different facets of this system as well, which I'll get to sometime when it's not so late.