Geneso Text:

Dear Sir(s) and/or Madam(s):

	Looking upon the previous year in retrospect, I realize that I was rather unprepared for college.  By no means, however, does this mean that I wasn't ready for the academic rigors.  Instead, it was the -economic- aspects of attending that were my downfall.  Even in this matter, I believe that I -was- prepared for the actual cost of Geneseo, until a mistake with the processing of my FAFSA resulted in a huge delay, causing problems that would continue plaguing me even beyond the first semester.
	To introduce my situation, there are three main factors that I believe merit allowing me the possibility of a second chance next semester.  First, that a class that I took all through the second semester is not included on my transcript.  Second, that the numerous unforeseen costs of attendance, combined with the problems of the processing error, made it impossible for me to front the costs for the materials for all of my courses, which caused the low GPA in question.  Third, throughout my freshman year I had to deal with the economic problems and the domino effect of problems that they caused, and was therefore less able to focus on my academics.
	In other words, I am asking for a chance to rectify a situation that arose from issues that were truly beyond my control, the chance to attend next year and redeem myself while -not- under the pressures of trying to obtain the money of the full costs of college.  I believe that next year will be drastically different because of the relative financial security that I have -finally- been able to prepare for next year in the form of loan money.

	To expand upon the first factor, all of the second semester I attended a Drawing I class with Douglas Anderson.  In the beginning of the semester, I was unable to advance register because my aid from the FAFSA had not yet come in due to the aforementioned clerical error.  Therefore, I had to go into my first week of classes blind, as I couldn't register until late in the first week.  When I went into the class, however, the teacher added me to his roster and I was under the impression that that would be the end of it.  However, at midterm time I learned that I still wasn't officially being counted as attending that class, and was told by the student affairs office that I would have to get the professor's permission for the class to be counted on my transcript.  I spoke with him, and he agreed to have my grades for the class added on.  The class, however, did not show up on my final transcript, and I have not yet had the time or luck to be able to contact the professor.
	If the class' grade was included, I believe that I could quite easily have made the required 1.65 GPA mark, though I can't be certain, as I do not know what final grade the professor gave me.  However, the inclusion of that grade would make for a catch-22, as with the addition of that class, my transcript might have over the GPA of 1.65, but it would also have over 30 course hours, which would according to the academic standards requirements for 31 to 45 hours, would raise the necessary GPA to 1.75, a value which I do not believe the addition of the class can raise my GPA above.  Since my eligibility to attend is therefore still in question, the other reasons that I should not be dismissed follow.

	The second factor that led to my low GPA is that because I had not accounted for the additional costs above and beyond the bill of the college, I was unable to provide the money to buy the textbooks for two of my three main classes, Biology and Chemistry.  After covering the college bill itself, and the many expenses that I hadn't known of, such as for registration and housing deposit, and after buying half of the necessary materials, text-books and lab-books, I simply didn't have enough money left to buy the most expensive of my books.  Despite not even having the textbooks for my two major classes, I did manage to pass both of them in that first semester.  
	However, my grades suffered, and since to be able to officially register for my classes in the second semester again required payment to the college, I found myself in the same situation after registration that semester.  In the very last part of the second semester, the Chemistry II professor agreed to provide me with a chemistry text that he had available, but in the end it proved too late, despite my best efforts, and I failed the course.  
	After examining the unprecedented event, I have decided not to allow it to repeat, though it now appears uncertain that I will be given the chance.  Receiving no credit for the chemistry lecture, a three credit-hour course, negated the effect of the other courses that I had received relatively high grades in, and led to the present situation.

	The third thing that I ask you to acknowledge is that while the situations caused by a lack of money caused rather disastrous effects, both on an immediate and a long-term scale, just as problematic, though more subtle in effect, was having to continuously deal with raising the money itself.  From working to raise the money to simply arranging to meet with the financial aid office for the Nth time, having to worry about the incessant issues of keeping the college from tossing me out on my ear detracted substantially from my ability to focus on my class-work.
	I believe, however, that my economic problem will, in comparison, be drastically reduced over the year to come, both because of the loans that I now have access to, and because I will be better prepared to deal with the types of situations that occurred in my freshman year before they become such major issues.

	Finally, I would just like to thank you for your time, and hope that neither yours nor mine was spent in vain.

	Sincerely,
	
	Roy Ronalds