Ro Ronalds, Unable to enroll in your Drawing I Class

*Please bear in mind that my first e-mail was unfortunately deleted, completing a long string of bad luck that I seem to be having.  I attempt to recreate what I said as completely as possible here.*

I'm writing you to ask for you aid in resolving the problem that I have, which is that I am still unable to register for your Drawing I class, despite all of my best attempts.  I'm hoping that you'll be willing to provide me with your permission to officially join the class despite the fact that I've been unable to register for it.

When I say registration problems, I refer to the fact that previous to Tuesday the 28th, I was unable to register for any classes -anywhere-.  

The reason stems from a financial aid processing  that delayed the school's receival of my federal aid, thus made me unable to register during last semester's registration period, and since the first time during the Drop/Add week that I was able to register was on Tuesday at 3:30, I had to go to all classes of the first part of this week unregistered.  So when I first went to your class it was because I knew what I was looking to become involved in, and the only other choice, to do nothing, was no choice at all.

When I finally -was- able to register, of course, all the Drawing I classes were closed.
This is certainly not your problem, and I don't want to make it your problem, I just wanted to show you that it was -despite- my best efforts that I was unable to obtain a normal registration in your class, and that I've just had the unfortunate luck of being blocked from getting in that way.  

I'm hoping that the full story will help sway you to siding with my request, and to further that goal, I have only one little bit more to say, feel free to skip over it:

I have been looking, for some time, for some way that I could practice drawing, but I've just been too busy to have any time set apart with regularity to devote to that.  However, having a drawing class provides that opportunity.  In addition, I believe from what I have seen of your class, though admittedly not much, that it would:

A. Provide me with an opportunity to become more comfortable with drawing,
B. allow me to -enjoy- that process of practicing my abilities at drawing,
C. let me explore different techniques that I have not come into contact with,
and D. turn drawing from an individual activity to something where input can be obtained from others during the process, on techniques, etc.

These are the reasons that I want to continue in your class.

In any case, thanks for reading and for your time.

Ro.