Real Name:  Ro
Weaver:  Tchal
Creation-Type: Builder, Systems Analyst, Dreamer.  I aspire to become a Coder, hopefully, with the help of organelle.
Physical Location: A dorm in Geneseo, within the State of New York, USA
E-mail: NeXuSscathe@hotmail.com
Website: nxs.s5.com [Note: Relatively incomplete]
Phone: (585) 245-7370

Ideas:
I'll relate this little story about my ideas...  
My ideas are perpetually like little gremlins, skipping out of my reach just as soon as I come up with them.  ["Damn, what was that excellent idea that I had?  Ach, well, it's gone now."]  So I got this notebook, in which I write down everything interesting that skitters across my brain.  An excellent idea, right?  
No.  Bad move.  Now I can't avoid it, whenever I have an idea, I write it down.  This wouldn't be so bad, were it not for the fact that I have to enact my fights with that demon that many call "sleep" each and every night.  
So here's the scenario:  
I'm lying in bed finally, at some early early hour of the morn, ever-increasingly drowsily wrestling with that guardian to dreamland, sleep, when suddenly, without warning, an innovative, excellent, once in a lifetime idea slaps me across the face.  I react instintively, sitting straight up in bed [sometimes to the concern of my room-mate] and searching for my notebook, in which I write down this life-saving idea, wedged in among all the other life-saving ideas that lie unused there.  
I then collapse back upon my bed, duty done, war won, and find myself wide awake.  Sometimes running around the block after that helps, but only rarely.

The moral of the story is that ignorance is bliss.  And to get a notebook to write everything down in.  And a drawing-pad to draw things in, as well.

Despite the moral, I suggest that everyone have a notebook that they carry always with them.
To follow that up, a pit that holds a discussion that I had with some people on mudconnector over a few of my mud-building ideas from a while back:
www.geneseo.edu/~ror1/mudcreationrules.rtf
or, for those of you who use that pit of dispair that is microsoft word...
www.geneseo.edu/~ror1/mudcreationrules.doc

Goals:
To build the perfect Mud.
Develope a method of immortality within the space of my lifetime, use that method to continue exploring and absorbing indefinately.  I may even share that method.
Make my website visually stimulating.
Numerous others that won't come to mind at the moment.

A few of the books that I will write:  Evolutionary Parasitism, 
autobiography, Fantasy, Perhaps Science Fiction, many more.

Professions:  I've decided that I will at very least have strengths in the following areas, with respect to the "real world": ABC, or Author, BioChemist, and Computer Programmer.  Having essentially begun the Author part as well as the Computer Programmer part [With respect to html, at least], I'm presently in School majoring in BioChem, with a minor in CompSci.

Active Periods:  Lately I've developed the horrible habit of staying awake until 8 in the morning, completely despite the fact that I've 8:30 classes across the board each-week.  I sleep at completely variable times.  I need to break the not sleeping at night habit, though.
This month, my schedule is unbelievably tight and chaotic.  I've finals friday the 14th, mon the 17th, and wed the 19th, then around the 21st or 20th, I leave by bus for Deland florida, where I'll be staying with my brother for intersession, presently sans an internet connection, though I plan to rectify that situation during that time.  After that I'm back here, i.e. the dorm, again, which means back to constantly mudding, probably.  My time-zone is Eastern Standard, not that my sleeping schedule follows that.  Mmmm, what else...  Can't think of more to do with that.
Ah, almost forgot.  My schedule after I return to Geneseo is completely uncertain, considering that I haven't been able to register for classes yet, so I don't know when and I don't know what, etc.

Skills:  Writing/Description, HTML/CSS, Developing systems, slight drawing ability, Mathmatics, mmmm, why can't I think of more things to include... Ah, right, I also know how to make blueberry pancakes, perhaps one of my crowning acheivements.  I mean good ones.  Edible.

Short Bio:  I'm the middle son of three, born of a shamanistic, anti-technology, society-reviling, doomsday-predicting, cynical mother and a technology-embracing, new-age, people-loving, chaotic, lazy, artist father.  They divorced when I was four and I've been glad of that since then.  Apart they're actually bearable.  I lived half of the time with each until age 14 when my mother kicked me out mostly because I was still going to school, playing soccer, and other activities that involved other people and I decided to get my own apartment, where I lived, and worked at a cafe downstairs until I got rid of it when I had to come to college.  And no, I've no money, my nuclear family seems to have an aversion to it, though all the rest of my relatives are rather well-off.  Not that I'd have it any other way.  The only reason that I'm here at college is that I had almost all of my way paid for me by the government, and my grandparents helped out.

Mmm, yes.  And I even still write my parents... ...sometimes.

There you go, the Introduction to Tchal that didn't actually turn out to be all that formal after all.

Survive.

Presently Reading:  Something by John McPhee, another that's about some Chinese [Japanese?] Judge, by some author, Various Internet Sites; www.nuklearpower.com, 8-bit highly recommended.
Recommended Reading List:
[Ones that you've probably already read but I have to include as a formality lest you think me a complete idiot.] Douglas Adams, Terry Pratchet, David Eddings, J.R.R. Tolkien, Anne McAffrey, More that I can't think of, Whoever wrote those things about TinTin... I was weaned on them and shortly after, Tolkien.  Movie had better live up.  With that in mind:
Movie List:  The man who knew too little, The 13th Warrior, Robin Hood: Men in tights, Remember the Titans [Only sports movie that I've ever seen that was actually worth it.], Braveheart and Gladiator, Hackers, Duck Soup?[Whichever of the Marx brothers films it is that has the mirror scene in it.  Laughter was continuous.], Perhaps a scant few more movies.

http://nxs.s5.com

[Edited...]

K, since I sent this a while ago but before I actually was subscribed to the list, meaning that the lomnoth ate it, I just have to add this little statement:  I woke up last night at 2am and started thinking about muds and ideas for them, and as a result, wasn't able to get to sleep for my final, though I think that I still aced it.
Also, wednesday the 19th is my departure date for Florida, so I don't know how sporadic my internet connection is going to be from then 'til the end of January.  *shrugs*  Can't remember if I said that already.