It
Flees the blind,
yet enslaves the beholder,
Death need not kill it,
nor life have it.
The wise know it,
youth may grow it.

Beauty, Beautiful

Before it;
Dark waters flow,
White stones roll,
The Ember dies,
Birdsong flies,
Flowers wilt,
and from it
nightmares are spilt.

Night, Shadow, Twilight

Promised in love,
Shed in hate.
Bright with birth,
Black at death.

Blood

Bodies fall,
Cities crumble.
Maggots crawl,
Walls tumble.
Black flies fly,
Old empires die.
What enemy lays seige?

Time

It
breaks rock,
levels hill,
flies high,
lays still,
eats food,
running,
laughing,
fire burns it,
oil spurns it,




Famine

War

Pestilence

Death



Inside for those who breathe,
Outside for those who believe.
Alive at the time of death,
Dead a second prior to life.

It can rise above,
With no shape of its own.
It can be as rock to the touch,
With no shape of its own.
It may lay flat on the earth,
With no shape of its own.




-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Xz: Devourers of light [Working title]
To: admin

Though this is not an immediate request, I am putting this forth in order
to get input back.
The founding purpose behind the clan is to have a highly secret organization that fulfills contracts made u upon an assassin's guild

I wish to found a clan, name as yet undetermined. I would also like to set
up the clan without any other participants, for the beginning.  However, 
also like to form a non-verbal language that will be used by the clan, a
subtle language that is conveyed through finger-movements and slight
gestures, and thus to the unobservant is not seen to be a language at all,
gesture. " [or perhaps as nothing at all? ] i.  e.  to those without the
language it doesn't display [or, if it has to be displayed, says "<originator> m
akes a
strange gesture.  " or some other such].  To those who have perception, and
perhaps some other detection spells as well, it displays as "<originator>
makes a subtle, purposeful gesture.  "  

Broken glass under my eyelids.
Draw "the myth of Sisyphus"
Tintin au Congo, I've never read it.  The horror.  Nor tintin au pays des soviets.





Anyway, all of the questions that you asked are ones that I'm not sure how to answer, though I was considering them.  But the real question is why are you asking me?  You should feel free to tell.  If I don't like it I can make counter-proposals, neh?  I've pretty much told every part of the plot that I have thought of so far to you, so you've as much information as I.

That said, here's what I can think of as answers to those problems:
Yes, I believe that the ship should not be revealed fully until later in the plot.  After all, we don't want to just spontaneously reveal it, that'd be pointless.  Tath/Dev do know everything about it, but that doesn't let the reader know.  Or me know, as I am not quite sure what is in there, though I think that it should certainly be determined.

As a simple answer, I have no idea about what all is in Dev, and have considered the possibilities of:  Seeding materials and organisms for planets marked for colonization, and perhaps even some actual cryogenized humans, though I'm not amazingly partial to involving real humans on the ship at all.  I'd prefer to keep only to AI's and Aliens, as I think that that will be more enjoyable.  
I also don't really have a concrete idea of why humans sent Dev/Tath out, though as I said before, Tath is there to represent a souped up and strong side of humanity to any cultures that they might meet on their journeys, in order to soften any future human encounters should the need arise and all of that, thus the reason for her being superhuman in numerous ways.
What else.
Ah yes, the background.  Unsure what the human equivalent of the time back on earth should be, though it's certainly quite some distance into the future, seven-hundred years into N.O.  [New Order] at least, and the technological advances are astounding, don't you agree?
Also, there's the problem of that time-travelling, i.e. perhaps that idea should be changed to the standard hyperspace instantaneous motion or something, who knows, because if the point is to have Dev/Tath set up colonies which should be in full bloom organism-wise when humans actually do come, then having them travel through time as well would seem a bit pointless, as it would just make the following colonists arrive at the same place just after Dev/Tath got there anyway.  Err, now that I think of it, they could just use relative time travel to travel forwards through time and not move through space and colonize in that manner, so I suppose that it does work.
Also, perhaps a submission for Dev/Tath is to search out and obtain full time-travel capacity, should it exist...  *grins*  And then subsequently deliver it to human society, no less.

We do have a problem in the form of the background purpose, which we should probably try to lay out more fully.
The problem is, how are we going to have them 

Here's a question for you, though, and that is, where are we going to put these comics, assuming that we do get them done.  I'll link to them from my website, but that's probably about all that I'll be able to do, as I'm quickly running out of space on there now and things like that, so we might as well try to find somewhere else to host it.  Next semester I plan to get a computer and perhaps run linux on it and host my site through that or whatever, but that's only a plan, not by any means a reality.  Besides, that is then and this is now.

It's possible that we could host it on one of the online webcomic services, of the many that there are out there.  Of course, I'm looking for something that doesn't cost us money.

And I'm working on more sketches, not completely related to Tath/Xz, but more like practice for drawing them.  Drawing Motion and Mount is another problem altogether, but I'll burn that bridge when I need to cross it.  Or something.

Anyway, survive.  How, by the way, did I not know that Cass was still in HighSchool?  I didn't realize that she was a year younger than us or in a grade behind us or whatever.  Probably because that school that you and she went to doesn't really have pronounced grade-systems or whatever.
Mmm, I forget what you said she's going to do when she finishes, and it would take far too long for me to see it through the email system, unfortunately.  Mk.

----
nxs.vze.com

>>>>>> Cassandra and I are still together, coming up on our third year
anniversary  in June. As for the webcomic I'm not sure how much time
I'd be able to  devote to it, but I could certainly help out wherever.
So as far as the  characters are concerned, could you send me some
"concept art" as to roughly  how you would like them to appear? I can
get the vague idea from the  descriptions but I'd like to make sure I'm
seeing the same thing you are.  Also, as far as the plot is concerned,
will this be a very serious comic  with some opporunity for humor or a
humorous comic with some opportunity for  seriousness? Just wondering.
I can work on developing some antagonists if  you want, since you have
effectively created the protagonists. As far as  drawing is concerned,
I have questionable drawing talent so I probably  wouldn't be able to
assist in that arena. Anyways, let me know.<<<<<< 

Tell her Hi for me.  I didn't really know where you were with respect to where she is, as I really don't even know where you are in general.  And what about Griff?  Really, what -are- you doing?  *grins*  
Of course, time is a factor for us all, I've less than no time, but I'm still hopefull that I'll be able to sneak in some effort into this project, at least.  I certainly don't expect this to be an obsession... ...well, not yet, at least.
Concept art, plot, images, themes, ideas, whatever, I'd be glad to have it.  Mostly, I think, the two of use make for good conspirators for making up interesting and grand-scale plots.  Don't you agree?  Of course, it's been a while, so we may be rusty, but still...
Serious with humor vs. humor with seriousness:  Both, actually.  The main comic would be mmm, not really serious, more like "cohesive," as in it all sticks together.  However, there will also be the non-cohesive plots which we can go wild with, as I envision declaring them in advance as subplots which don't actualy happen in the true timeline, but are too fun to pass up.
Protagonists and Antagonists:  No no, those are just five of the protagonists, that I could come up with on short notice.  I think that the more the better, and once again, if we know who these future protagonists are in advance, we can twist the plot to meet up with them when we want to.  And of course antagonists, yes.  I'm thinking of perhaps drawing up an initial timeline of the events, and then plots and subplots  that we think up can be inserted inbetween and after those events.  
Really, I think that we can get a rather large number of comics out of just Tk and Dev, you know, with dialog and such things.  Timewise Xz should join them in short order, as that's pretty much where the first true adventures instead of just straight exploring begin, when Xz hits the ship.  Also, it's nice to leave holes like "What Dev and Tath did on their travels before Xz hit" and "where did Xz come from" etc. as places that can be flashed back to and filled in later.  Same with other characters.  *shrugs*

As for drawing, I've been working on mine, and that's part of the reason that I want to do this, A to have fun, B to enjoy making the plots, and C to have fun drawing the comic as a whole.

So.

----
nxs.vze.com

Rotating Gif that goes around a word, perhaps as part of the dNaeXmoSn logo or something.  Err, perhaps tangent parados, I mean.
My name is the nexus of daimon and demon and daemon.  *grins*

By the way, what happened with you and Cassandra?  *raises an eyebrow*

---Unknown.---

Initial Setting:  Distant future, exact year unknown, within an asteriod-rich section of space, the satellite-class ship "Devourer" comes into view, not threading it's way through the asteroids, but instead simply consuming them.
Visual Characteristics of the Devourer:  Massive, contesting the size of some smaller moons, main visual feature the forward material collectors, used to catch and absorb any stray materials that it encounters while travelling, i.e. asteroids and other space debris, for breakdown as energy source.
Um, and Large, very large...

A breakdown of the primary characters:

Dev
Devourer, aka Dev, aka d0652e5091v2433o2702u4414r5345e2573r:  The ship devourer is, in fact, a sentient, specialized ZZX-.00000073 class matrix AI, acting as it's own pilot and captain.  When interfaced with another AI, T'kaeth'ss, an independent ZZX-class matrix who inhabits Devourer, the agglomeration of the two has essentially untested boundaries of thought, processing, and knowledge available.  Do not play them in chess.  In fact, refrain from contests of logic with either of them, whether seperate or together.
Physical:  Innumerable technologically advanced material alloys/compounds, multi-bodied sentience matrix, numerous node sites of memory and subthought, flash material collectors, exterior protonuclear propulsion channels, full internal/external sensor array, drone mechanics, living area of a few cities.
Peculiarities:  For reasons unknown and perhaps tied to his ability to self reprogram, Dev is a male, and has a sense of humor.  He also can shift-space time in a localized region, allowing the ship and everything within it to leap forwards in time by an interval that is calculated to allow the universe/galaxy/local system to move just enough that when the ship re-appears, it is at it's destination.  Does not have the ability go "against current."  Given construction time and material, has the ability to create nearly any items with specifications available and chemically create a very long list of materials.

Tath
T'kaeth'ss, aka Tath, aka 535478t394'015k201375a506340th726'235s: Female AI of ZZX-.008577 class matrix, Partial replicant of human terran female circa 700 N.O.
Physical: Partial replication human female above waist, lacks eyes, 34C-27-33, torso shock suspended on lower body, body supported by six static-dispersion legs which allow for the heavy carbon-silicate/titanium-alloy armoring and body mass, limited sensor array, body weight; arm: ~470kg per, torso: 5575kg, base:16788kg; legs: ~2000kg per, total body weight: ~47800kg, interface system: ~980kg, gyroscopic momentum and weight distribution system, intramagnetic shielding, continuous interface power anchor points, Fusion Reserve Time: 30.75 dcs, max feasible survival speed; without interface : 50kmphc, with interface: 4 kmphc.
Peculiarities: Advanced Language recognition/translation abilities, and a high level of diplomatic tact which can be switched off at a moment's notice, T'kaeth'ss is the chosen representative forerunner of eventual human expansion into the Unknown strip of space.  

Xz
Zzzaaazzz, aka Xz [Because it's shorter to spell, but pronounced the same]: Colony of alien symbiotes, true origin unknown, alien hive suspected, entered Unknown when it ate through an insufficiently reinforced section of Dev's hull, has tendency to greet other beings with an attempt to consume them, abridged list of items eaten on Dev: Hull of ship, video display monitor[s], numerous ship walls, seven essential power cables [previous to completion of systematic reinforcement of cable runner materials by Dev], a planetary rock sample, two drones, five detector ports, and parts of self.
Physical:  Composed of varying numbers of semi-sentient sub-beings, each with at least a slightly different purpose from the next, Xz' amorphous attributes change rather drastically over time, but suffice to say that at any point in time, it will probably have the following: at least three limbs used for support, at least one eye, five mouths with accompanying teeth, six stomachs, and continuously dissolving elastic skeletal system equivalent.  Xz has been known to have: Spikes, claws, fingers, tails, skeletal plates, tentacles, and tongues to name the discernable ones.
Peculiarities:  Diet consists of very nearly all known materials, ability to survive space in drifting hibernation-state, prone to spontaneous mutation, cannabalizes sections of body that become unnecessary, apparently designed to be a meteoric virus that infects worlds, job presently in hiatus.

Motion/Mount
The Knight, aka Motion: An armored entity of an alien species, bonded to a mount of insectoid appearance, he unexplainedly joins Unknown when he refuses to leave the premises of the small scouting ship that was piloted to planet's surface by Tath, suspected to have been appointed by his tribe.  Facilities for Motion/Mount have been set up in a section of Dev.
Mount
So far known only as Mount: Mount is mainly Carnivorous, though she luckily has a long digestion time and a very large stomach capacity.  She seems to be sentient, and 
Physical:  Motion has not been seen out of what is essentially a continuous suit of armor, 
and so far has only dismounted twice.  Interestingly, he and mount seem inpenetrable to 
almost all of Dev/Tath's sensors, for whatever reason, though they believe it to be some 
characteristic of the armor of unknown material, if it is indeed a material, that they wear.
[In completely the opposite situation, they usually know far too much about Xz' inner 
configuration, though it only takes that a few hours to become obsolete.]  Motion's 
motives are as much a mystery as the rest of him.  He appears to have a defined torso, 
head, and legs, though these are small in proportion to the rest of his body, all covered 
in sharp black plates that are inpenetrable by any means so far, including Xz' teeth and 
Dev/Tath's sensors. The ten-legged monstrosity that is Mount shares the same protection 
as Motion, and the same color.  Mount, however, does have what appear to be eyes, many 
faceted black eyes set in an angular viscerae wielding head, eyes which also tend to find 
time to watch Xz rather hungrily.  Xz is, of course, unconcerned.  [I'd say that Xz 
watched Motion hungrily as well, except that that would be redundant, as Xz watches 
everything hungrily, including all inanimate objects.]
Peculiarities:  Motion: Continuously wears armoring, dismount time of approximately an hour, hasn't stayed dismounted for longer than ten minutes, infrequently speaks sign-language interpretable almost only to Dev and Tath, apparently does not eat, no discernable sleep cycle.  Mount: ability to cling to all surfaces, moves more gracefully than Xz [No accomplishment], and quicker [not nearly so easy]. 

Title of the story:  Unknown.  I'd been searching for a general title for it, but was unsure what exactly it should be.  All I knew was that I didn't want it to involve any of the characters, plots or such, and that fits the bill, plus I like to consider the confusion that it could cause.
Other possibilities that I considered: The project, temporal monochotomy.

P.S.  Do you have a website?  I figure that I would know if you did, but can never be sure.
----
nxs.vze.com

Hah, you said "we".

Of course, and eventually that'll have to be done, though I think that that's a ways in the future still, if a group of characters is going to be involved.  However, I think that setting up that plotline is secondary to setting up a more specific long-term view of things.  
In general, the idea is that this group explores space in a linear manner, going from point of interest to point of interest, meeting cultures there and other such events.  
I think that the best way to set it up, therefore, is in acts, in which each act contains a certain section of plot, though there can be subplots or sideplots within that act plot.  
The comic, then, would be drawn slowly out in those acts and then published once an act was finished, essentially.  As well, though I want to include as many humerous parts as possible, [what's better than humor?] I'd still like to keep it a cohesive storyline, i.e. nothing completely and utterly nonsensical that doesn't fit into the crafted reality, though just completely and utterly nonsensical things that do fit into the unknown universe are a must, of course.

I've also been considering the problem of a "contesting force" i.e. protagonists.  Now I don't think that having an overall antagonist, the traditional "undermine all of their plots" person, is necessary at the beginning, as the characters themselves can work antogonistically against each-other, at very least in the beginning.  However, this may eventually run out of material, so the idea of an overall antagonistic force will probably be useful for future developement, and if we know what that force is now, we can work in forshadowing of what's to come or whatever we may need to do to work Unknown into a situation to create that antagonism.

Yes, and things like that.  I'll be working on sketches of Tk and Xz some more this weekend, so we'll see how that turns out, though I've also a large number of forms for various things that I have to fill out.

Survive.

----
nxs.vze.com


For Tk and Z
Time Travel, Stealing/maiming murderers etc, subsequently causing their actions, yes.
What is black when you buy it, red when you use it, and gray when you throw it away?

Many things can create one. It can be of any shape or size. It is created for various reasons, and it can shrink or grow with time. What is it?

What falls but never breaks? 
What breaks but never falls?
Night and Day

In olden days you are a clever theif charged with treason against the king and sentenced to death. But the king decided to be a little lenient and lets you choose your own way to die. What way should you choose? Remember, you're clever!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I think I would have chosen to die of "old age". 
Did you? 

Dies half its life, lives the rest. 
Dances without music, breathes without breath. 
What is it?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Tree. 

A man walks into a his bathroom and shoots himself right between the eyes using a real gun with real bullets. He walks out alive, with no blood anywhere. And no, he didn't miss and he wasn't Superman or any other caped crusader. 
How did he do this?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

He shot his reflection in the bathroom mirror. 

My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. 
Thin, I am quick, Fat, I am slow, Wind is my foe. 
What am I?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Candle. 

I am just two and two. I am hot. I am cold. I am the parent of numbers that cannot be told. I am a gift beyond measure, a matter of course. I am given with pleasure when taken by force. 
What am I?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm a Kiss! 

the moon
Teeth
Flower

Read my riddle, I pray. What God never sees, what the king seldom sees, and what we see every day. What is it?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

An Equal. 

I can be cracked, I can be made. 
I can be told, I can be played. 
What am I?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm a Joke! 

You are a mute, and imprisoned by a tyrant king for a murder that you did not committ.  You suspect that you are being framed to cover something up, and that the king is in on it.  The king has, however, magnanimously decided to give you a second chance in a public display of the will of the gods.  Or at least, so he says.  You are led to the gallows, before his subjects, with the noose standing ready.  You are near to the king, so you see what those off of the gallows cannot, and you see him place two black marbles in the dark water of a large grey-stone fountain.  He then turns and addresses his subjects, outlining the following method of decision:

The prisoner will choose a marble from in the fountain, and if a black marble is chosen, it will mean the gods wish for the prisoner's death.  If a blue marble is chosen, the gods shall have decreed that the prisoner will go free.  He then turns to you, and the crowds becomes silent, watching you.  

By the way, choice of -both- of the marbles will simply get you killed, there is nothing save water and two black marbles in the stone fountain, and sorry, but you aren't carrying around any convenient items in your pockets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
THE ANSWER:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The prisoner grabbed one of the marbles from the jar and concealed it in his hand. He then swallowed it, and picked up the other marble and showed everyone. The marble was black, and since the other marble was swallowed, it was assumed to be the blue one. So the mean king had to set him free. 

Humor, a good sense of it, is to Americans what manhood is to Spaniards and we will go to great lengths to prove it. Experiments with laboratory rats have shown that, if one psychologist in the room laughs at something a rat does, all of the other psychologists in the room will laugh equally. Nobody wants to be left holding the joke. Garrison Keillor

A pun does not commonly justify a blow in return. But if a blow were given for such cause, and death ensued, the jury would be judges both of the facts and of the pun, and might, if the latter were of an aggravated character, return a verdict of justifiable homicide. Oliver Wendell, Sr. Holmes

At this point in time Bruce ran away and got a job as a farm hand for the Denglers.... 
"Once a week a big LaSalle would drive all the way out from the city to get farm-fresh eggs. The chauffer was a little wizened old Englishman and the owner was a woman who looked like Mary Astor. She was a very grand-type lady, about 35. She said the farm was quaint and remarked how fortunate I was that not cursed with the pressures of the city. She began to bring me things--sweaters, shoes, even a tennis racket. I fed her charitable id: "Oh gosh a real sweater, I always wanted one with no patches!".... One day she forgot all about the eggs and insisted on buying me ajacket....I told her I couldn't leave the stand. She told the chauffer to get out and take over and that she would drive. 
On the way back she pulled into a shaded area and stopped. We talked for a long time....She intimated that she ould like to adopt me. She asked if I had ever been naughty with any girls. ....I had often thought about being "naughty" with girls but I never seemed to arrange to be in the right place at the right time....She told me to look in the glove compartment for a surprise. Inside I found a sheath knife and a flashlight. There was also a packet of pictures and she asked me if I wanted her to show them to me. ...The nudity and the absurdity of the contortions amused me and I began to laugh.... 
She forgave me, then delivered a lecture on how some women can give you a terrible disease. She asked me if I knew what the symptoms of these diseases were. I confessed my ignorance and she grew alarmed."Why you could have one of those diseases right this minute and not even know it!!" And with a very clinical attitude she unbuttoned my pants. A few years later in boot camp, when we got our first lecture on venereal disease, I was disappointed. It lacked the same personal touch." 

I've figured out a way you'll score every time: 
"Look I'd like very much to go out with you but there can be no sex between us. You see I don't do it. I'm celebate. 
But we will go out and have a good time, I just thought I'd tell you up front because the last dates I was on they 
got mad and said I had ruined it for them. 
And sure enough on the ride there: 
"Why don't you do it with anybody?" 
"I don't wanna talk about it." 
"Oh come on you can tell *ME*." 
"OK it's the way I'm built, you see I'm abnormally large." 
"Really." 
"yes its a disgrace." 
"You mean you never do it?" 
"Not since 19--" 
"Gee what happened?" 
"She's in the hospital." 
"Don't you ever go visit?" 
"No her brother would kill me. I can't even wear shorts in public." 
"Can I see it?" 
"No" 
"Why not?" 
"It's locked up." 
"Locked up?" 
"yeah locked up. My dad has one key the mayor has the other." 

Play it Again, Sam

Insane?...

 Without music, life would be an error.
   -- Nietzche

 Morality seems to enter the picture only when individuals interact
 with each other.  It's universally wrong to steal from your neighbor,
 but once you get beyond the one-to-one level and pit the individual
 against the multinational conglomerate, the federal bureaucracy, the
 modern plantation of agro-business, or the utility company, it
 becomes strictly a value judgment to decide who exactly is stealing
 from whom.  One person's crime is another person's profit.  Capitalism
 is license to steal; the government simply regulates who steals
 and how much.
   -- Abbie Hoffman

 A conservative is a man who just sits and thinks, mostly sits.
   -- Woodrow Wilson

I could draw Bloom County with my nose and pay my cleaning lady to write it, and I’d bet I wouldn’t lose 10% of my papers over the next twenty years. Such is the nature of comic-strips. Once established, their half-life is usually more than nuclear waste.
Berke Breathed 

Good taste and humour are a contradiction in terms, like a chaste whore.
Malcolm Muggeridge 

Suppose the world were only one of God’s jokes, would you work any the less to make it a good joke instead of a bad one?
George Bernard Shaw
Tolstoy had criticized Shaw for his facetious tone in Arms and the Man, saying that one should not speak jestingly of such a subject as the purpose of human life, the causes of its perversion, and the evil that fills the life of humanity today.

Laurence Sterne...?

It is reported that when Churcill met Stalin at Yalta they discussed about their hobbies. Churchill said: "I collect the jokes people tell about me". "That's a coincidence - said Stalin, - I collect the people who tell jokes about me!"

8. Jaime Pressly - Poison Ivy: The New Seduction (1997)

9. Elle MacPherson - Sirens (1994)

10. Uma Thurman - Dangerous Liasons (1988)