The Daring Excape
…Yes Sir, I'll try Sir.  Well, I'm quite sure that it happened like this; as I was dealing with the rigorous duties of my job, sitting at my desk and busily engrossed in my work, which was, at the time, the re-copying and cleaning up of the grammar and spelling of the ad for the new Nutri-wash product; it happens to be newest in the line of some great products that are coming out of the company from…  Sorry Sir.  I'll get on with it.  I should have realized that you, as the President of the compan…  Yes Sir.  
As I was saying, I sat there, typing away, when I heard someone come by my cubicle, which I had no doubt was Johnson, on his way to the adjacent one, and, purely for courtesy reasons, of course, I decided to say high to him.  Getting up from my seat, I stretched and stepped beyond the paper-thin walls of my cubicle.  
The air was hot, and heavy with the quiet murmur and unidentifiable ambiguous sound that fills the life of a copy-editor.  The only relief came from the slight breath of air that wafted in through the crack in the one window.  I basked in its fleeting cool as I turned to survey the room.  It had taken me numerous years of rising through the social ranks of the copy editor to finally gain a location near to the long sought window. A heavy miasma of fear left lingering from the experiences of the prior occupants washed the advantage brought by the moving wind quickly away, slaves to the whim of the company, hung like a living entity over the room, leaving me with a taste of ash in my mouth.  The darkly tinted walls gleamed, like the light in an Arab trader's eyes after having been told of a shorter caravan route to the East.  The masses of paper thin walls that twisted and turned, astounding my eyes, when I held myself at the extent of my height, reminded me of the Labyrinthine maze that was built under the castle of King Minos, to contain the cursed minotaur.  The rhythmic sounds of writer's sporadic fits of inspiration, echoed through the dark room, completing the ambience of some hideous and mysterious adversary waiting in ambush around the next corner. 
I turned my eyes back to the 


