 Alright, here is the way that I see it. Imagine that you are a draconian
who only speaks draconian.  You are listening to a slaan [you know, the
lizard men who are soon to be] next to you speak. Now, you still have no
idea whatsoever what that slaan is saying when it speaks, but you know that
-mode- of language quite a bit better than the human sitting next to you. 
Now, suppose that an elf was speaking next to a human and a draconian, each
of whom only know their 'own' language.  The draconian would be way out of
it's depth, while the human would at least understand the concept of words
[though since they are precisely pitched and modulated -elven- words, they
are still mostly inconprehensible] as opposed the hissing tones or cadences
and things like that that the draconian would be better able to understand. 
  What I'm proposing here is language groups.  Say, for example, elvish,
dwarvish, gnomish, and common all in one group, with slaan and draconian in
another, hive and protoss in another, and the remaining languages all on
their own.  If you only knew, say, ancient, then you would get something
like "Bob makes some low, rasping noises. "" for the dwarvish language, "Bob
makes a terse snarling sound. " for the draconian language. However, if you
knew elvish and slaan, it would appear to you as "Bob rasps ";lkd fsdre
ewsdfkjl slk dj. " and "Bob snarls "as dkj dkljjsd sdkf lkwe. " And, of
course, if you knew dwarvish and draconic, they would then appear to you as
"Bob rasps "The large and voracious dragons are coming.  " and "Bob snarls
"Suppertime. " Accompanying these groupings would be language skills e.  g. 
  snarlhiss or something like that for the slaan/draconian group and speech
for the elvish/etc.  group, that would have to be learned prior to even
being able to learn from a language group. Thus, if a char knew slaan, they
would have to buy the ability to speak like humans/elves/etc. which would
allow them to see "Bob rasps "skjja skj a kjs" and then they would have to
next buy the language dwarven to see "Bob rasps "My legs are on fire. " the
same would apply to all of the rest of the groupings. The languageskills
would, of course, have varying costs according to the difficulty of learning
them, so snarlhiss would perhaps be 3 while speech would be two. I also
propose that some of the languages themselves be more costly than at
present, like elvish being two, meaning that a human learning elvish would
be 2 trains, while a draconian learning elvish [almost an oxymoron] would
cost 2 for the langgroup and another two for the language itself. Now,
finally, we have reached the good part, the why.  All along you may have
short-sightedly been saying to yourself "Why the hell would we go to the
trouble? " but I'm going to prove to you that this action would be a good
move. We want Roleplaying to happen, 'cause roleplaying is fun, enticing,
and immersing, right? Well, how does one go about roleplaying on a mud?
Essentially, one either speaks, emotes, attacks/fights, or uses a specific
command. So how does one see roleplaying happen?  Essentially, one either
sees an action or hears someone speak.  Classes are roleplayed by actions,
but a troll bash shows up the same as a dragon bash, so actions are limited
in that way.   Speech, however, should not be. If a char doesn't understand
a language, then he's going to notice, you can be sure, the race or class or
whatever of the speaker a bit more. Unless the languages are treated as
different, this opportunity is lost, people take it for granted that their
human can understand the ancient draconic lich just fine, it's not like he's
a dragon or undead or anything, right?  I mean, I know that his race thing
says [ancient black dragon lich] but perhaps he's just lying.  I'd have to
actually look at his desc to be sure.  However, speech is not something that
you have to actively do, so it would pull people into roleplaying instead of
just giving them t he option of roleplaying.  So you say "Hah, but all of
the languages alltogether only cost 10 trains, that's easy to get 'em all,
and then we'll all be bland humans again, all "Bob says" and "Bob yells".
And that, my friends, is why the price for languages has to be upped. The
additional advantage that this will give?  If you buy something for 4 four
trains, you want your money's worth, so you'll be more likely to use it.  If
you don't want to spend that exorbitant four trains, then all the better,
just spend two and partially understand multiple languages, or don't and
roleplay only knowing your own language.  Either way, the potential for more
roleplaying has just been upped a few decibels.  