66.185.83.190
Clan Devourer

Note:  I'd appreciate it if all information here is confidental, and that it not be shared with any non-admin, and that any admin told of the nature of the clan also be asked not to reveal the information to anyone, as part of the purpose of the clan is to keep it's practices and membership secret.  Imms share too much knowledge about things, so letting them know would cut greatly down on the fun of keeping everything secret.


Clan Devourers:
What will be a clan of contract assassin, this is the place that Xz will use to start the clan, though I want to buy the gambling house in Visari and use that as their true base of operations as soon as I can negotiate it. All members of the clan are equals save for in one respect, that recruitment is done through the mouth, Xz.  
All prospective members are invited anonymously in secret and killed if they decline (though only once). All members are cloaked, hooded, and disguised when on clan business.  Best attempts will be made for no member to know another member's name or identity.
Members who attempt to leave the clan are marked as traitors to the clan and hunted by all of the clan en masse, and killed when found, during the period of the hunt, which lasts a full 36 hours, starting at twilight and ending at the dawn of the second day of the hunt.

The clan will be neutral in all politics and all requested contracts will be considered equally with the following stipulations:

At least one member of the devourers must agree to take on the responsibility of forfulling the contract for the guild to accept the contract.  Any methods, such as disguise, invisibility, getting the target inebriated, hallucinating, sleeping, or otherwise off-guard, are acceptable unless otherwise specified by the client.  Methods for carrying out a contract will be suggested by the clan.  The clan tithes one half of all contract proceeds, which are applied immediately towards advancement of the clan's defenses or resources.  The members who accept the contract can also set the final price of the contract.

No contract will be accepted from a stronger client upon a weaker target.  Contracts requested on members may be accepted under certain conditions.  Contracts may be made by members, but it will cost as it would any other client.  Simply to have a contract considered costs 50k gold (at least on a trial basis, we'll see if this amount is feasable), and the devourers -may- decide to forfill the contract at no additional charge, though this is rare.  More will be necessary if the contract is upon an especially strong target, or the contractee wishes any more than the following services that are provided with all contracts:

Announcement of the client's name, and/or reason for the contract, or no information told to the client.
Delivery of the targets corpse and other pieces of the body intact to a place specified by the client.
Torture and other requests are extra.