Xz: Twisted race?
To: admin albach
Xz is one of albach's oldest (surviving) followers (and his own characters
don't count), and the twisted affliction would just be an imposition to Xz,
what with becoming a neon flag for the impersonate spell and it's complete
sapping of his casting abilities, such as they presently are.  However, I
have been looking to (and roleplaying towards, and have had his appearance
geared towards having) have Xz change his race for a long, long time now,
being unsatisfied with how others think of and roleplay gnomes, as well as
the fact that being size small is quite simply an abyssmal situation, both
with being unable to ever find any equipment of the right size (dying and
losing all of your resized gear is horrible, and I'm prone to dying),
and the fact that I can only impersonate things I find of my size (kender
being the most available mob of that size, with a few gnomes).  (The horror)

When I first created Xz there were only a few options for
races and only two for mages (who wants to play other classes?).
Those were gnome and human, and I never play characters that are human,
because what's the point, neh?  In any case, what with albach's religion
doing thing and such, and while doing some roleplaying with albach in his
religion, I realized that now is the perfect opportunity to change -in an in
character way- and into the perfect race.  

Therefore, I'm requesting permission to have Xz become a -race- [Twisted].
The name is exactly what I have been looking for as far as it is vague
enough to give me some amazing creative liscense, and an excellent
word to have before your name.  (which is what makes races good)
 
I would require these things, otherwise we might as well just forget it:
That the race name appear as [Twisted].
That the attack-type be claw (punching looks silly).
That the temperature range be large (I detest spam).

 
I would love these things, though I'm fine without them:
Size medium (would solve so many of my problems)
Some cool body-parts/combination e.g. tentacles solely on left side, a tail
or something interesting like that.
Not a low xp/level.  ('cause that would suck.)
 
 
Of course, if the option became available, I'd set up a open roleplaying
situation within albach's religion with "the gruesome ritual" and such.
The transformation would definately not be easy.  Could make for some
fun stories.