asdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfas

[721] Xz: A plea to the masses for cool stuff.
Sun Jun  1 08:25:16 2003
To: all admin albach

As far as I know, Xz is pretty much Albach's oldest surviving follower
(refusing to count Albach's own characters), and this new twisted affliction
would only fuck up the character some more, what with afflictions fucking with
the impersonation spell and how it would bite into all the stats that are necessary
for spell-casting and uselessly increase stats that are minimal importance to casters,
and so-on and so forth.  Much more importantly, however, I'm tired of roleplaying a gnome,
because the way that other people tend to roleplay gnomes is just.. ...ugh.

I have been looking to find a way of (and  roleplaying towards, and have
had his appearance geared towards) having Xz change race for a long, long time now,
because the way that other people tend to roleplay gnomes is just... ...ugh.
Not to mention the fact that being size small is quite simply an abyssmal situation, both
with being unable to ever find any equipment of the right size (dying and
losing all of your resized gear is horrible, and I'm prone to dying),
and the fact that I can only impersonate things I find of my size (kender
being the most available mob of that size, with a few gnomes).  (The horror)

When I first created Xz there were only a few options for races
and I think there were two choices for mages (and who wants to play any other class?).
Those were gnome and human (the elven tower of magic being offline) 
and choosing to play humans in a fantasy setting seems very counterproductive to me,
because what's the point, neh?  In any case, what with albach's religion
doing thing and such, and while doing some roleplaying with albach in his
religion, I realized that now is the perfect opportunity to change -in an in
character way- and into the perfect race.  

Therefore, I'm requesting permission to have Xz become a -race- [Twisted].
The name is exactly what I have been looking for as far as it is vague
enough to give me some amazing creative liscense, and an excellent
word to have before your name.  (which is what makes races good)
 
I would require these things, otherwise we might as well just forget it:
That the race name appear as [Twisted].
That the attack-type be claw (punching looks silly).

 
I would love these things, though I can do without them:
A large stomach capacity
Size medium (being size small simply sucks)
Some cool body-parts/combination e.g. tentacles solely on left side, a tail
or something interesting like that.
Not a low xp/level.  ('cause that too would suck.)

 
Of course, if the option became available, I'd set up a open roleplaying
situation within albach's religion with "the gruesome ritual" and such.
The transformation would definately not be easy.  Could make for some
fun stories.
