---Unknown.---

Initial Setting:  Distant future, exact year unknown, within an asteroid-rich section of space, the satellite-class ship "Devourer" comes into view, not threading its way through the asteroids, but instead simply consuming them.
Visual Characteristics of the Devourer:  Massive, contesting the size of some smaller moons, main visual feature the forward material collectors, used to catch and absorb any stray materials that it encounters while traveling, i.e. asteroids and other space debris, for breakdown as energy source.
Um, and Large, very large...

A breakdown of the primary characters:

Dev
Devourer, aka Dev, aka d0652e5091v2433o2702u4414r5345e2573r:  The ship devourer is, in fact, a sentient, specialized ZZX-.00000073 class matrix AI, acting as it's own pilot and captain.  When interfaced with another AI, T'kaeth'ss, an independent ZZX-class matrix who inhabits Devourer, the agglomeration of the two has essentially untested boundaries of thought, processing, and knowledge available.  Do not play them in chess.  In fact, refrain from contests of logic with either of them, whether separate or together.
Physical:  Innumerable technologically advanced material alloys/compounds, multi-bodied sentience matrix, numerous node sites of memory and subthought, flash material collectors, exterior protonuclear propulsion channels, full internal/external sensor array, drone mechanics, living area of a few cities.
Peculiarities:  For reasons unknown and perhaps tied to his ability to self reprogram, Dev is a male, and has a sense of humor.  He also can shift-space time in a localized region, allowing the ship and everything within it to leap forwards in time by an interval that is calculated to allow the universe/galaxy/local system to move just enough that when the ship re-appears, it is at it's destination.  Does not have the ability go "against current."  Given construction time and material, has the ability to create nearly any items with specifications available and chemically create a very long list of materials.

Tath
T'kaeth'ss, aka Tath, aka 535478t394'015k201375a506340th726'235s: Female AI of ZZX-.008577 class matrix, Partial replicant of human terran female circa 700 N.O.
Physical: Partial replication human female above waist, lacks eyes, 34C-27-33, torso shock suspended on lower body, body supported by six static-dispersion legs which allow for the heavy carbon-silicate/titanium-alloy armoring and body mass, limited sensor array, body weight; arm: ~470kg per, torso: 5575kg, base:16788kg; legs: ~2000kg per, total body weight: ~47800kg, interface system: ~980kg, gyroscopic momentum and weight distribution system, intramagnetic shielding, continuous interface power anchor points, Fusion Reserve Time: 30.75 dcs, max feasible survivable speed; without interface : 50kmphc, with interface: 4 kmphc.
Peculiarities: Advanced Language recognition/translation abilities, and a high level of diplomatic tact which can be switched off at a moment's notice, T'kaeth'ss is the chosen representative forerunner of eventual human expansion into the Unknown strip of space.  

Xz
Zzzaaazzz, aka Zzaazz, aka Xz [Because it's shorter to spell, but pronounced the same]: Colony of alien symbiotes, true origin unknown, alien hive suspected, entered Unknown when it ate through an insufficiently reinforced section of Dev's hull, has tendency to greet other beings with an attempt to consume them, abridged list of items eaten on Dev: Hull of ship, video display monitor[s], numerous ship walls, seven essential power cables [previous to completion of systematic reinforcement of cable runner materials by Dev], a planetary rock sample, two drones, five detector ports, and parts of self.
Physical:  Composed of varying numbers of semi-sentient sub-beings, each with at least a slightly different purpose from the next, Xz' amorphous attributes change rather drastically over time, but suffice to say that at any point in time, it will probably have the following: at least three limbs used for support, at least one eye, five mouths with accompanying teeth, six stomachs, and continuously dissolving elastic skeletal system equivalent.  Xz has been known to have: Spikes, claws, fingers, tails, skeletal plates, tentacles, and tongues to name the discernable ones.
Peculiarities:  Diet consists of very nearly all known materials, ability to survive space in drifting hibernation-state, prone to spontaneous mutation, cannibalizes sections of body that become unnecessary, apparently designed to be a meteoric virus that infects worlds, job presently in hiatus.

Motion/Mount
The Knight, aka Motion: An armored entity of an alien species, bonded to a mount of insectoid appearance, he unexplainedly joins Unknown when he refuses to leave the premises of the small scouting ship that was piloted to planet's surface by Tath, suspected to have been appointed by his tribe.  Facilities for Motion/Mount have been set up in a section of Dev.
Mount
So far known only as Mount: Mount is mainly Carnivorous, though she luckily has a long digestion time and a very large stomach capacity.  She seems to be sentient, and 
Physical:  Motion has not been seen out of what is essentially a continuous suit of armor, 
and so far has only dismounted twice.  Interestingly, he and mount seem impenetrable to 
almost all of Dev/Tath's sensors, for whatever reason, though they believe it to be some 
characteristic of the armor of unknown material, if it is indeed a material that they wear.
[In completely the opposite situation, they usually know far too much about Xz' inner 
configuration, though it only takes that a few hours to become obsolete.]  Motion's 
motives are as much a mystery as the rest of him.  He appears to have a defined torso, 
head, and legs, though these are small in proportion to the rest of his body, all covered 
in sharp black plates that are impenetrable by any means so far, including Xz' teeth and 
Dev/Tath's sensors. The ten-legged monstrosity that is Mount shares the same protection 
as Motion, and the same color.  Mount, however, does have what appear to be eyes, many 
faceted black eyes set in an angular viscera wielding head, eyes which also tend to find 
time to watch Xz rather hungrily.  Xz is, of course, unconcerned.  [I'd say that Xz 
watched Motion hungrily as well, except that that would be redundant, as Xz watches 
everything hungrily, including all inanimate objects.]
Peculiarities:  Motion: Continuously wears armoring, dismount time of approximately an hour, hasn't stayed dismounted for longer than ten minutes, infrequently speaks sign-language interpretable almost only to Dev and Tath, apparently does not eat, no discernable sleep cycle.  Mount: ability to cling to all surfaces, moves more gracefully than Xz [No accomplishment], and quicker [not nearly so easy]. 

Title of the story:  Unknown.  I'd been searching for a general title for it, but was unsure what exactly it should be.  All I knew was that I didn't want it to involve any of the characters, plots or such, and that fits the bill, plus I like to consider the confusion that it could cause.
Other possibilities that I considered: The project, temporal monochotomy.

----------
>>>>>> Cassandra and I are still together, coming up on our third year
anniversary  in June. As for the webcomic I'm not sure how much time
I'd be able to  devote to it, but I could certainly help out wherever.
So as far as the  characters are concerned, could you send me some
"concept art" as to roughly  how you would like them to appear? I can
get the vague idea from the  descriptions but I'd like to make sure I'm
seeing the same thing you are.  Also, as far as the plot is concerned,
will this be a very serious comic  with some opportunity for humor or a
humorous comic with some opportunity for  seriousness? Just wondering.
I can work on developing some antagonists if  you want, since you have
effectively created the protagonists. As far as  drawing is concerned,
I have questionable drawing talent so I probably  wouldn't be able to
assist in that arena. Anyways, let me know.<<<<<< 

Tell her Hi for me.  I didn't really know where you were with respect to where she is, as I really don't even know where you are in general.  And what about Griff?  Really, what -are- you doing?  *grins*  
Of course, time is a factor for us all, I've less than no time, but I'm still hopeful that I'll be able to sneak in some effort into this project, at least.  I certainly don't expect this to be an obsession... ...well, not yet, at least.
Concept art, plot, images, themes, ideas, whatever, I'd be glad to have it.  Mostly, I think, the two of use make for good conspirators for making up interesting and grand-scale plots.  Don't you agree?  Of course, it's been a while, so we may be rusty, but still...
Serious with humor vs. humor with seriousness:  Both, actually.  The main comic would be mmm, not really serious, more like "cohesive," as in it all sticks together.  However, there will also be the non-cohesive plots which we can go wild with, as I envision declaring them in advance as subplots which don't actually happen in the true timeline, but are too fun to pass up.
Protagonists and Antagonists:  No no, those are just five of the protagonists, that I could come up with on short notice.  I think that the more the better, and once again, if we know who these future protagonists are in advance, we can twist the plot to meet up with them when we want to.  And of course antagonists, yes.  I'm thinking of perhaps drawing up an initial timeline of the events, and then plots and subplots  that we think up can be inserted in-between and after those events.  
Really, I think that we can get a rather large number of comics out of just Tk and Dev, you know, with dialog and such things.  Time wise, Xz should join them in short order, as that's pretty much where the first true adventures instead of just straight exploring begin, when Xz hits the ship.  Also, it's nice to leave holes like "What Dev and Tath did on their travels before Xz hit" and "where did Xz come from" etc. as places that can be flashed back to and filled in later.  Same with other characters.  *shrugs*

As for drawing, I've been working on mine, and that's part of the reason that I want to do this, A to have fun, B to enjoy making the plots, and C to have fun drawing the comic as a whole.

So.
--------------


Anyway, all of the questions that you asked are ones that I'm not sure how to answer, though I was considering them.  But the real question is why are you asking me?  You should feel free to tell.  If I don't like it I can make counter-proposals, neh?  I've pretty much told every part of the plot that I have thought of so far to you, so you've as much information as I.

That said, here's what I can think of as answers to those problems:
Yes, I believe that the ship should not be revealed fully until later in the plot.  After all, we don't want to just spontaneously reveal it, that'd be pointless.  Tath/Dev do know everything about it, but that doesn't let the reader know.  Or me know, as I am not quite sure what is in there, though I think that it should certainly be determined.

As a simple answer, I have no idea about what all is in Dev, and have considered the possibilities of:  Seeding materials and organisms for planets marked for colonization, and perhaps even some actual cryogenized humans, though I'm not amazingly partial to involving real humans on the ship at all.  I'd prefer to keep only to AI's and Aliens, as I think that that will be more enjoyable.  
I also don't really have a concrete idea of why humans sent Dev/Tath out, though as I said before, Tath is there to represent a souped up and strong side of humanity to any cultures that they might meet on their journeys, in order to soften any future human encounters should the need arise and all of that, thus the reason for her being superhuman in numerous ways.
What else.
Ah yes, the background.  Unsure what the human equivalent of the time back on earth should be, though it's certainly quite some distance into the future, seven-hundred years into N.O.  [New Order] at least, and the technological advances are astounding, don't you agree?
Also, there's the problem of that time-traveling, i.e. perhaps that idea should be changed to the standard hyperspace instantaneous motion or something, who knows, because if the point is to have Dev/Tath set up colonies which should be in full bloom organism-wise when humans actually do come, then having them travel through time as well would seem a bit pointless, as it would just make the following colonists arrive at the same place just after Dev/Tath got there anyway.  Err, now that I think of it, they could just use relative time travel to travel forwards through time and not move through space and colonize in that manner, so I suppose that it does work.
Also, perhaps a submission for Dev/Tath is to search out and obtain full time-travel capacity, should it exist...  *grins*  And then subsequently deliver it to human society, no less.

We do have a problem in the form of the background purpose, which we should probably try to lay out more fully.
The problem is, how are we going to have them 

Here's a question for you, though, and that is, where are we going to put these comics, assuming that we do get them done.  I'll link to them from my website, but that's probably about all that I'll be able to do, as I'm quickly running out of space on there now and things like that, so we might as well try to find somewhere else to host it.  Next semester I plan to get a computer and perhaps run Linux on it and host my site through that or whatever, but that's only a plan, not by any means a reality.  Besides, that is then and this is now.

It's possible that we could host it on one of the online webcomic services, of the many that there are out there.  Of course, I'm looking for something that doesn't cost us money.

And I'm working on more sketches, not completely related to Tath/Xz, but more like practice for drawing them.  Drawing Motion and Mount is another problem altogether, but I'll burn that bridge when I need to cross it.  Or something.

Anyway, survive.  How, by the way, did I not know that Cass was still in High School?  I didn't realize that she was a year younger than us or in a grade behind us or whatever.  Probably because that school that you and she went to doesn't really have pronounced grade-systems or whatever.
Mmm, I forget what you said she's going to do when she finishes, and it would take far too long for me to see it through the email system, unfortunately.  Mk.

----
nxs.vze.com

Use that character profile thing for Tk, Zzaazz, Dev, and Motion, perhaps.

Name:  Tzu
