        I'm looking for some help on deciding what courses to take with respect to a Biochemistry major...  I've had a slight taste of all of my classes so far, the list being as follows:

     General Biology I [Prof Lovett/O'Donnell] and Lab
     General Chemistry I [Prof Yokoyama] and Lab
     
     Calculus I
     Wrtg Sem: Science in Literature

        Now the problem is as follows.  Originally my schedule included completely different classes, [Apparently the Dean of Admissions had not received my mail in registration] which involved nothing that I wanted to take.  Of course, I arrived too late on the first day [I had just driven up from West Virginia the preceding day] to attend any of those incorrect classes anyway.
        To the point, what I would like to discuss with you is the fact that from what I have seen of the Biology and Chemistry classes that are listed above, they seem to be slightly below my abilities/knowledge, though the Calculus and the Writing course both appear to be sufficiently challenging to me.  I took a very rigorous course in Chemistry and a College Level Biology course in addition to the my first Bio course in High School, so I would rather avoid going over the very basics again.
        The reason that I chose Biochemistry as my major is that though as a whole I liked both Biology and Chemistry, I found a certain amount of the non-chemical aspects of Biology rather uninteresting, thus I chose to major in Biochemistry, as I thought that that choice would edit out the less satisfactory parts of Biology and allow me to focus upon what I enjoy and am interested in.  
        However, this does not appear to apply to the First year at least, and I am uncertain what will be the effect of the fact that Geneseo does not have a dedicated Biochemistry department, that that major straddles two departments, if you will.
        I by no means wish to limit myself to the sciences, my focus for going to school here is to practice my writing, learn more computer programming, and, of course, study Biochemistry.  It is a regimen that I refer to as my ABC; Author, Biochemist, and Computer Programmer.  Since I can technically call myself both the first and the last already, I wish to also advance in the second category enough to hold that position as well, at very least in my own mind.
        That's my situation in full.
        If you would be able to help me get into the classes that seem right for me [with respect to the Bio and Chem classes, that is.  I'm satisfied with the Calc and English], by advising me on which of my available choices you believe would be the most interesting, rewarding, and challenging, I would certainly be greatful.  I'm running out of time, what with Drop/Add week quickly coming to a close...

        Thank you in Advance,
        
        Roy Ronalds
        [Student ID g00207356 if you need it]