Protein degradation or Free Radicals, Protein Oxidation, and aging, or Oxidized protein accumulation


Now, I was going to do my paper and my presentation on Lactose intolerance, but I found that Lactose Intolerance is really boring.  
Now, you may be thinking “What topic is more interesting than Lactose Intolerance?” and I tell you that it is much more interesting 
than that.  My topic is protein degradation, or more importantly, protein senescence, since the degradation of proteins themselves, 
while interesting, are less interesting than the question of how cellular mechanisms deal with the protein degradation, and whether 
there are pathways that allow for a stepwise process of dealing with degradation.  
Now, the first step of this is to determine how proteins degrade in the first place, so we do have to deal with this before we can talk 
about protein senescence, because we have to understand how quickly and what it is that causes proteins to fall apart.  Proteins are 
very stable molecules, of course, that’s understood, but the question of whether they are also…
…but regardless of their stability they do eventually fall apart, and another important question that we have to deal with is when a 
protein falls apart, what do we then have to deal with, because if you have an incomplete protein, for instance it was made up of two 
subunits, and they were compartmentalized in different areas, and one of the subunits falls off, say, then that would not be simply the 
making of a broken protein, degrading a protein, as making a new mutant protein.  Even though the subunit would be broken, it could 
still potentially react with the things around it.  We assume that it won’t react in the same way since it has become incomplete, but 
reacting in the same way may be worse than just a failed catalysis of a reaction.
For example, if you have a process whereby a molecule is bound to the active site of a protein and then transferred to another section 
of the protein in the normal state of affairs.  It is bound to section A, it is modified somehow, and then it is transferred to section B, in 
the normal course of events.  Now if that section is removed, then the result might be that the substrate would bind to section A and 
be unable to be transferred to section B.  That effect of an incomplete reaction, a failure of the catalysis, is going to cause much 
much different results than a new reaction.

The first scenario is a reaction catalyzed by an enzyme.  The second scenario that fails to be catalyzed or does not react, due to a 
broken enzyme.  A third scenario is that protein has degraded in a way that allows it to react in a new way.  That would be a perilous 
situation, because it could react in a way that would be bad for the cell.

This would mean that it would be in the cell’s best interest to remove proteins that are broken.

Now in the question of bacterial protein degradation or senescence, we know that it happens on a much faster scale.  Now 
obviously, the degradation of different proteins will happen at different rates, so it is hard to generalize and say that bacterial proteins 
degrade faster, but at the same time, the trend is towards bacterial proteins turning over at a faster rate than eukaryotic proteins.

Enzyme turnover is definitely an issue, because a replacement must be made for proteins that are essential to cell functioning.  That is 
usually done by positive feedback mechanisms, meaning that a low concentration of the enzyme causes the enzyme to be replenished. 
 So low enzyme concentration triggers the cell to make more of the enzyme.

So really, since we assume that all proteins that easily degrade, yet have a necessary purpose must be replenished, we need to talk 
about the turnover rate of enzymes.  There are certainly experimental processes out there that are useful for determining how the 
protein in the absence of a source of replacement, how quickly the protein will degrade.

For example, attachment of radioactively tagged tRNA amino acids to proteins…...

Radioactivity or luminosity are able to show how the protein concentration decreases over time as a result of degradation.  That 
would account for the breakdown of enzymes because if the tag or the indicator was in the structure of the protein or enzyme itself, 
then only by the breakdown of that enzyme will we see a loss of the signal.

On the other hand, we can also assume that the lessening of the reactivity of the enzyme in conditions that are perfect for it correlates 
direction with the breakdown of the proteins themselves, or where it has full forwards stimulus, like ATP to allow the reaction to 
continue, and sufficient reactants, a removal of products in order to drive the reaction forwards.  There are a lot of factors, but we 
can set up a situation designed to monitor protein deactivation simply by the mechanism of how the enzyme is reacting to its 
substrate.
That is the beginning concept.

What we are really looking to get into is the question of where and how the cellular mechanisms detect broken proteins to monitor the 
degradation of proteins and replenish them.  A protein is a high-energy molecule, or rather it takes a lot of energy to create it.  For 
example the bond energy given off by the linking of amino acids is an average of <X> (insert reference from Garrett and Grisham book), 
which indicates that the proteins that result will be very stable molecules.  Nevertheless,

The idea behind the paper that I want to write should incorporate the presentation as well as a more comprehensive examination of the 
researching involved, as well as incorporate images from the presentation in the body of the paper itself in the scientific format.