Roy Ronalds
Kinship among the Iroquois				




The beauty of the Iroquois system of government/kinship is that it meshed the power of blood ties with political groupings.

Since each nuclear family was split into two clans, one for the father and one for the mother and children, with each marriage at least two clans were cemented together.  "As two clans were necessarily joined in each family, there was a perfect diffusion of clans throughout the nation and throughout the League." (p.57)  When the moiety system was still in use, every single marriage bound together both moieties as well as two clans.  With two clans bound together at each marriage, four marriages could bind every clan of the eight in a single extended family. The nations, therefore, would always contain some of each of the clans,  and a war between two of the nations was impossible because the clan  system would have meant that attacking another nation was the same as declaring war upon your own blood.

At the same time, the matrilineal descent system made it so that if the sachem status was given to a certain clan, it was bound to remain in that bloodline.  Since any uncertainty of parentage would always rest with the father, the use of matrilineal descent assured that the clan of the successor to the sachemship would never be in question, as "the assurance might be enjoyed that the ruling sachem was of the same family or clan as the first to hold the title." (p.55)  Since the sachemship would always stay within that closely knit clan structure, there would remain a stable family loyalty to the sachem as it passed from one to another, as he would always be leading "his" people, and he too would belong to them.  At the same time, the political aspect of a sachem's position could never become one of unlimited rule, because "if, by misconduct, a sachem lost the confidence and respect of his clan, and became unworth of authority, a clan council at once deposed him." (p.56)  In a way, a leader by the people, of the people, and for the people. 

As well, since the men were always the sachems, and the sons would always be in a clan different from their father, the sachemship would always be passed around within that descent group, a "perpetual disinheritance of the son" (p.55).  This allowed for the spreading of the power, and more importantly for the clan line to be the deciding power in its own leadership, instead of the possibility of dilution of the leadership by a father to son line where a weak generation allowed the power base of the sachem to fall apart.  It also would lend a certain political strength to the new sachem, whether from the political clout of a sachem eloquent and savy enough to convince his clan council to give him the leadership, or simply because from the group concensus that resulted in him being conferred his position, either way creating a stronger leader.

The fact that the rule of marriage outside of the moiety fell into disuse in later times is only a reflection of the lowered polulation of the Iroquois due to decimation by disease, the effects of the constant warring prior to the revolutionary war, and after the war by the effect of being subdued by the emerging united states.  The marriage restriction would needed to be relaxed in order to better move towards increasing the strength and number of the confederacy again, as both its strength and number lay in its interweaving families.
As the eventual incorporation of the Eries and the Neuter nations showed, the goal of the league was to secure either "the admission or the subjugation of surrounding nations" (p.51).  The purpose was to devour and incorporate any threat or resource not already part of the league.  Their easy alliance of clan with clan, family with family, seemed to extend itself to an easy political alliance of alien nation into the nations of the confederacy, binding new groups to the league.

With the incorporation of the cheiftainships, the system of government of the iroquois became based neither entirely upon the merits and martial expertise of the elected cheifs, nor entirely upon the stability and familial oligarchy of hereditary sachems.  It provided "a position and a reward for the ambitious and the means of allaying discontent, without changing the ruling body." (p.61)  

The League, in the end, was a dynamic state of conquored and ally, ancient family lines and newly arisen war-cheifs, clan and nation, interwoven so well as to be inseperable.

