abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz

Possible names:
>>>>>
Naax
Tatik
Zkti
Khoatl
Azkti
Aznej
Tjahzi
illuud
Kenij
Taik
Kiram
Eikun
Kaal
Siekav
Noske
Vosk
Azxc
Azec
Seukav
iuul
Yhtno
Chuul
Tkhjx
Xiao
Tchal

Example:
name: Zkti
race: maca
class: paladin
Align: Lawful-Good
overall goal: Making maca into a more feared race
Background:
Kidnapped at a young age by the fire giants to fight in the arena
Traerk has slowly become more and more cruel and vicious until
his once neutral nature could only be described as evil.  Holding
no love for any race but minotaurs, his true hatred is for the dragons and
fire giants.  A gladiator by necessity, and by trade he is determined
to destroy anything in the way of what he sees as the right way to
bring minotaurs back to their former glory: Brute force any thing goes
tactics.
desc:
 A tall, shaggy beast is here, black horns arching forward ready for battle.
His arms rippling with muscle and covered in tattoos, he cuts a very primal figure.
Over his shoulders are the hilt of a sword and the shaft of a hammer, both looking well
used.  His hulking frame is made more intimidating by the fact that he doesn't stand
at full height, making him look much wider and stronger. On his forearms are two tattoos
that stand out, in bright red against his black fur, the left saying 'Harstan', the right
saying 'Taurus'.
Attitude/Personality:


This is a quest for 1 million exp, but it can't go to just any character, it
has to be a new character, one created while an Eternal watches, then the
exp will be awarded, but at a 6k base, that'll take you to hero :) The quest
is, submit the best character proposal via a qnote to 'mijona altair'. 
We'll be the two judges and you have until the 11th to get your posts in. 
Now there will be no afflictions or special races given away with this so
don't make that part of the rp you suggest, submission should be short, 50
lines or less once formatted, and should include a desc, brief history,
goals, and a sypnosis on the character.  Goodluck :)  

Desc:

asdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfasasdfasdfas
Thick, black tentacles surround 


In actuality, his two forms, yakisheeni and reaver, look strangely,
vaguely similar, both having black protrusions coming from the back
of the head, though they're horns in the yakisheeni and tentacles in
the reaver, both sporting six limbs, and sharp and wide black claws.
The similarities end there, as the reaver form is, of course, a 
twenty foot, two ton, mandibled insectoid creature covered with 
chitinous plates, and the yaksheeni form is a metalic, beastial dragon
spanning about 750 feet from head to tail, and weighs nearly two-
thousand tons, thus more than most buildings.  Also, the yaksheeni 
form has an unfurled wingspan of nearly the same length.  Neither
form has eyes, nose or ears per se, but instead combines them all
in eye-like organs

Bio:

Tchal is, in essence, insane to the core.  He hates the color black 
with insane and unreasoning fury, and he wields void magic.  He
thinks that he is a reaver, though he was actually originally a 
yakisheeni who thought that he was a reaver, but now that his powers
have progressed to the ability to morph, he can turn into a reaver, 
at which point he thinks himself to be a yakisheeni.
His favorite color is red, and he likes red to the inverse extent that
he hates black.  [Note: Many races have red blood.]
His two forms, the twenty foot, two ton, insectoid reaver form, and
the seven hundred and fifty foot, two-thousand ton, metallic, beastial
dragon form, are very different, to say the least.
To make things simpler for himself, he considers almost all creatures
as "bags-of-flesh," sometimes even undead, which he lumps in the same
category by rationalizing that they once were "bags-of-flesh," and, 
depending upon his mood, even incorporeal beings, which he lumps in
with wraiths, thus still "flesh-bags".  Again, he is very insane.


 Covered in a sheath of blue, chitinous armor, the eight limbs of this
insectoid creature all end in triangular black claws. The insects faceted
eyes are set into a wedge-shaped head, complete with a circular mouth
surrounded by ridged mandibles. 