Roy Ronalds
Eastern Philosophy Student
Geneseo


Greetings, Sir.

I am emailing you to see if I can find a viable resolution to the situation that I have caused.  The situation:  A complete lack of journal entries on my part.

I like to think that my personal situation is a unique one, even if the visible effects are relatively uninspired.  Since you cann't be certain of my motive or quantify it, it wouldn't be unreasonable for you to assume the worst and act accordingly.  That, of course, is your decision, and whatever you decide to do, I have to take full responsibility for the effects of my own actions.  However, what I can and will do is tell you where I'm coming from, and what I would like to try to do to fix the situation.

When I came to this college, I knew exactly what I wanted out of it:  Everything I could possibly get.  More specifically, I have resolved to become an Author, Artist, BioChemist, Computer Programmer, and Inventor (list still growing).  For that reason, (and with the rationalization that all of the other aspects could be rather simply persued without the help of college) I chose Biochemistry (with a computer science minor) as a major that brought together as much as possible of the most interesting and challenging classes here at Geneseo. 

When, in the first year, I failed my second semester of chemistry, I decided that it was time for a change of major.  Failing Chemistry was, of course, a red flag to me, clearly indicating that the chemistry would be much more of a challenge to me (I am rather bad at the mathematics of chemistry), so I changed my major to Chemistry (with biochem option).  Being the traditional destitute college student, to make up for the failed class, I simply doubled up my chemistry classes the second semester of this year, which I am happy to say has turned out well, and, barring accident, I will have passed both chemistry classes and be back on track after I take this semesters' finals.

The reason that that situation worked out so well, in my view, was that the fact that not passing the course indicated to me that I learnt the material well enough, so I had no problem with taking the course again to reinforce what I viewed as important, base concepts of chemistry, especially since I greatly enjoyed having that professor (Professor Bioani, the chair of the chemistry department, and now my advisor).

The relevance of this story is that I now find myself in much the same situation with your class.  When I originally signed on to take the class, what grabbed me was the fact that it would involve reading interesting and important eastern texts -that I wanted to read anyway-.  What kept me enrolled in the course was the fact that it promised to challenge my writing skills and, indeed, my ideas in general.  

I think that I can claim to have changed and added to my views substantially over the course of the semester, and I -haven't even begun to delve into the more important aspects of the class-, namely the writing and introspection.

I can't say for certain why I have been unable to advance beyond writing on the first journal topic (which I now have sitting around in a large text file that doesn't want to end).  I have written simple lists of my goals before, and, amusingly enough, it took me three days before the things that I wanted to do started coming more slowly, and I added to it for a long time afterwards.  To tell you the truth, I'm still adding to it, though the main list is now somewhere in my archives.  And that was simply a concise list of -what- I wanted to do, much less a complete, organized plan in sentence format.

This yeilds itself to a constant paradox for me when it comes to writing papers for my courses, in that if I am asked to write on an interesting and important topic, then my natural response is to strive for perfection, to make something that will be relevant, useful, and complete for my own sake, and damn the deadlines.  As far as I can tell, all of the issues that I will write about in your journal entries will be that same way.

Before I move on to the important part of the letter, I just want to be clear that the point of all of the above was not to make an excuse, but simply to try to let you know where I'm coming from.

Presently, I find myself with these problems:

-A failing grade for the course will depress my GPA until whenever I can replace that grade with a passing one.
-As far as I have calculated, the failing grade will not cause my GPA to drop below any required levels, but I would like to avoid it staying for long at all costs (or just avoid it altogether).
-While there is no question that I am going to write on the journal entries and the topics in the book over the summer, I'm unsure that I'll have enough room to add Mideastern Philosophy back into it in the normal way next year.
-Despite that being in your class was interesting the first time, I feel confident that I understood the major concepts and topics, and wouldn't want to have to sit through them again as they were taught to others.

Therefore, I am asking if:
I can receive an incomplete for the course and email you journal topics and establish a dialog on them over the summer, for the possibility of a passing grade (at your discretion).
or, failing that:
Find some other way that I can use my writing the journal entries to avoid the schedule conflicts that retaking the course next year would cause.


Thanks, and I apologize for any inconvenience,

Roy.


Goals: Part 1
My dreams:

Understanding:
I shall write all of my life.  I shall dream all of my life.
I shall draw all of my life.  I shall imagine all of my life.
I shall be a biochemist, a macguyver of chemistry and understanding of the
chemical world around me.  I shall dream, dream vividly to draw inspiration as
if from a wellspring beyond my understanding, as I do now. I shall use my 
abilities to make dreams into flesh.  I shall become able to bring the music in my mind into music in sound.  I
shall lose the sense that I am not appplying myself to geneseo, only in the
area of topics that I am actually interested in, nothing else.  I want school to
be an end in and of itself, not just a means. Act wholeheartedly, not half-heartedly on the things that should
be done so.  Throw myself into the moment, instead of holding back for some
later time that is always postponed again.  The time to embrace is now, the rest
is past or uncertainty.

Creation:
I shall create a repository of useful chemical knowledge regarding common
materials by the time I am forty.
I shall write books of fantasy that extend beyond the traditional genres to my
satisfaction, throughout my life.  Adherence to tradition is useless.  
First book completed, published, and self-illustrated before I
turn thirty, so by 2013.  I shall become an active builder of Xaos again, and create such 
things as to foster better roleplaying.  I shall create Tchal, and have it open and working by the time
that I turn twenty five.   I shall have completed a full year of my webcomic
by my twenty seventh year.  What will be the name of my first book?  To not know
is inconceivable.  

Family:
I shall meet the person who I would tie my life to, by the age of
thirty-two.  I shall have no children until the age of thirty
four, and only then by her.  I shall have no more than two children.  Any 
children that I have shall be provided for.  I shall aid my brother in acheiving
his place,
the part of what he wants to be, instead of simply gliding like trickling
water along the path of least resistance.  I shall aid my elder brother and
his family to have established a serenity by the span of five years, so that
they can find their own peace.  I shall build my own house by the
time that I reach forty.  The house that I designed when I was thirty five.   

Travel/Location:
I shall live in the rain-forest, live amidst the abundance of life and
verdant energy, so that after that time, that 28th year, I will have that as a 
memory held in reserve to acess in times of need.  I shall live in 
singapore, so that I may experience the energy of new human life.  I shall live
in the austerity of Australia, so that I can experience stark nature.  I shall
live in the depth that is New York City, so that I can experience the range of
human life.  I shall live in Oregon, so that I can experience
the unchanging.  I shall live in all of these places, and then I shall decide in
which to build my home.  This year I shall feel my life roaring through my
veins as I kayak across silvered water.  I shall buy myself a kayak that is my
escape from things that I shall never have the -need- to escape from, but rather
only to experience change.

Body:
Fit.  Nothing beyond the normal parameters of a body, physical extremes
are useless to me.  I shall make my body to be oiled by the regimen that I establish
by the end of this school year.  It is my last vice, a vice of lacking rather than
excess.  I shall swim at least once a week.  I shall ride the wheels to freedom the moment
the snow has melted enough.  I shall kayak through crystalline waters.  And not need
these things as escapes, but rather just another pinch of spice in a full life.  My body
is an extention of me, and society shall have no control over it, but I shall use it as I wish.
I shall acheive a level of physical fitness near that of the time when I was playing
soccer.

Friends:
By the time I leave college I shall have developed rapports that will
not lapse or break.  I shall have my friends that I can keep with me for life, not just
while face-to-face.  I shall embrace those that I love, and keep them close.

Emotion:
I shall have acheived the highs and lows, that I need wonder never
again.  The edges of love, pain, anger, hatred, calm, peace, understanding, hit
the edges and yet came back to establish again the balance, now with the
experience of that which has gone before, that I might have sympathy and
understanding for others, as well as to develope warmth.  I shall learn to give.

Chivalry:
I shall never again stand by and let my inaction act for me.  I shall
always act to protect innocence from evil.  I shall become adept at recognizing
evil.  I shall become adept at recognizing innocence, that I can better protect
it.  I shall refrain from even the most innocuous of lies, and shall be as a
sharpened sword that speaks only truth.

Material things:  I shall own only that which I have need of, no more, things get
in the way of life.  Only what you need, only when you need it, but in those things
your own, things that you mold, you shape, you recreate.  Life is dampened by
incessant softening of sharp differences.  Let each thing important to you that
passes through your hands be marked by your soul, so that you can recognize it
and set it free when need be.  I shall design and build a home that I can welcome
my family and friends into with open arms.  That house shall be made -for people-,
not with people as an afterthought.
 
Part 2: Prioritizing the future












Topic Entry #2:

The question of reality.
The problem is how to determine the reality of any "object", or presumed 
real thing, when we cannot truly trust our own perception. (e.g. 
hallucinations, dreams,
Now, the obvious answer is that each individual determines their own reality 
to totality.  Individuals tend to percieve the universe in ways that have 
been determined by people around them, their culture, etc etc, but these 
individuals -are- able to effect their own thinking (whether they use that 
ability or not) which implies that they could conceivably
  If, however, we assume that to be true, then a simple a redefinition of 
reality as "a common reality" is in order.  To be useful, our reasoning 
needs to be based off of  we once again get the problem of determining what 
determines an instance of overlap in individual realities sufficient to form 
a common reality.

Outline:

Part1: the problem:
What is the "essence" common to all real objects that is not shared with all 
unreal objects?

Definition of the problem:
Now, if we consider what we -want- to prove as real, we come up with: all 
material objects in our environment (since we will need to be able to trust 
in their reality when we interact with them), but we cannot limit it simply 
to that because it seems obvious that consciousness is real, but 
untouchable, which implies that other intangible things can also be real.  
(This also begs the question of whether dreams are also real, and whether 
that means that hallucinations are also real.  What, for that matter, is 
-not- real?)

Part2: my answer
Argument that there -are- no truly unreal things.  However, this means that 
we need a useful redefinition of unreal, so that we can use it.

Part3: Examples of other's answers that you do not agree with.

Part4: Main argument for my answer.

Part5: Best objection to argument, and refutement of that objection.



Insert Choice Entry Here:







 